logging: Make it possible to add cli colors to custom log levels (#8804)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/8803.improvement.rst

> Make it possible to add colors to custom log levels on cli log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to add colors to custom log levels on cli log.
```

By using :func:`add_color_level <_pytest.logging.add_color_level` from a ``pytest_configure`` hook, colors can be added::

    logging_plugin = config.pluginmanager.get_plugin('logging-plugin')
    logging_plugin.log_cli_handler.formatter.add_color_level(logging.INFO, 'cyan')

>     logging_plugin.log_cli_handler.formatter.add_color_level(logging.SPAM, 'blue')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    logging_plugin.log_cli_handler.formatter.add_color_level(logging.SPAM, 'blue')
    
    See :ref:`log_colors` for more information.
```
